I grew up in in Cleveland my father was
a truck driver my mother you know you
know held several different you know
types of jobs she had typical struggles
being a single mom trying to you know
take care of her kids and hold down a
job and go to Community College I think
over time it kind of overwhelmed her to
the point where she couldn't finish that
up but even from when I started high
school early on we were talking and
planning about how to get a college
education and it was something really
important in our family my family wanted
to get me into a prep school to prepare
for college so one of the things we did
to be able to do that is I did a work
study for the four years working with
the janitors you know mopping floors and
things like that to be able to afford
the the private prep school tuition that
just became part of my overall education
experience and I expected to continue
that and I did that all the way through
undergraduate and even when I went back
to graduate school there was always a
work-study component or an assistant
ship if you're not afraid of doing the
work there's almost there is nothing you
really can't do and I think at the
University really helps you develop that
you know and you start to understand if
you're in the right environment and
you're not afraid to do in the work then
there are a number of people who are
willing to work with you then help you
be through anything and that goes that
that's something very powerful to take
into the business world or into the work
world after you leave college after
putting you know good 10-15 years
postgraduate work I started with a few
other partners an IT consulting group
every family has that that hope and
desire for their their children I
certainly have it for my children and I
want to make sure that they have the
same opportunities that I had or maybe
even have a little bit easier given that
I got a little little farther along it
becomes not just you yourself it's your
whole family now I think that stuck with
my sister how to inspire her to go back
later and do that so I think it's very
much a family
a family achievement it's not just an
individual getting a diploma